Monroe.
Yeah?
I know it seems bad, and for anybody else it probably would be, it would be very bad. But Zeke said this might happen, and while this is the biggest jam he has ever gotten me into, it’s definitely not the first.
I was ten when I met Zeke and immediately I knew, I didn’t care where he was going. I wanted to be along for the ride.
Zeke was my sister’s boyfriend. I don’t know if they called themselves that though. I only ever saw him on Tuesday nights. That was my parents date night. For all I knew he had other girlfriends who baby-sat their brothers on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday. But what was I gonna do? Kate was a big girl. And I was not a big guy.
The doctor told my parents I was in the eighth percentile for my age group.
That means if you lined up a hundred random ten-year-olds, ninety two of them would be taller than me.
Those other seven kids must live in Hawaii or something because I had yet to meet a ten year old smaller than me.
I knew he used me to hit on girls. Which should have made me mad...
...But I didn’t really care because in my head I kept coming back to that row of a hundred 10-year-olds. And I’d think if you lined them all up in order from tallest to shortest-
-Zeke could beat the crap out of every one of them.
I couldn’t really blame her when she broke up with him. But he didn’t cheat on me so...
Where are you going?
Go back inside Mo.
Can I come with you?
No man. Your sister wouldn’t like that.
Now you care what she would like?
I have things I have to do.
I won’t get in the way, I swear. Just for tonight.
Alright fine, but I’m bringing you home in an hour.
What are we going to do for an hour?
That hour lasted six years.
You are getting good at that.
What’s wrong.
I think he is upset he isn’t as tall as he thought he would be.
I thought I would get like...really tall.
No no, It won’t make you any taller than you were always meant to be, the shots just help to keep you growing at the same pace with your peers.
But I’m not.
I’m with Mo on this, I’m spending a fortune for these shots and he’s still...
You really don’t need to worry. Most patients with growth hormone deficiency's like this don’t start reaching potential until they are at least eighteen.
