My name a Borat. My life not nice. But how did I end up like this?
Fourteen years ago, I release a moviefilm, which was great success in US&A... But Kazakhstan become a laughing stock around the world.
Our exports of potassium and pubis plummet. Many brokers leapt from our tallest skyscrapers.
Since Running of Jew had been cancelled...
All Kazakhstan had left was our Holocaust Remembrance Day, where we celebrated our brave soldiers who manned the camps... 
I was blame for Kazakhstan’s failure... and banned from ever make reportings again...
I was sentence for life to hard labor in gulag..
But 14 year later, man from government bring me to Presidential Palace..
Premier Nazarbayev!
Listen carefully, asshole. I have a mission for you. 
He explain that while I was in gulag, US&A was ruin by an evil man who stood against all American values. His name…
Barack Obama. This led to other Africans becoming political leaders…
But then a miracle occurred. A magnificent new Premiere named McDonald Trump rose to power and made America great again!
He also became buddies with tough-guy leaders across the world. Putin, Kim Jong-un, Bolsonaro, and Kenneth West. Everyone apart from me. You, Sagdiyev... will return to US&A to deliver a gift so that Kazakhstan will earn the respect of Trump.
I was instruct not to give the gift to Trump since on previous mission I had accidentally made shit in front his house. 
It must go to someone in his inner circle... America’s most famous ladies’ man......Michael Pence.
The Vice Premier was known to be such a pussy-hound that he could not be left alone in a room with a woman.
What is the gift?
Jonny the Monkey.
Jonny the Monkey.
Kazakhstan’s Minister of Cultureand Number 1 porno star.
A cameraman will follow you to document your mission.
I will need my producer, Azamat Bagatov.
Impossible.
Why?
You are sitting on him.
Also, get me a chocolate cake.(then)Now, get him ready!
These Gypsy Tears will keep you safe!
Before I make commencings my mission...
I return to my village in order to give kiss to my sons and make sexytime with my wiiife.
