Hi everyone and welcome to Bobbyland, the podcast where I, your host Bobby Leiber, take you on a journey through LGBTQ history and, much more importantly, my own problems and whatever I feel like talking about. As always, Bobbyland is brought to you by Bagel Drone. And this is a big day because as of today Bobbyland is available exclusively on PODIFY and today wew are celebrating one million subscribers! First caller!
Hi Bobby! Any plans for more children’s books? Not at the moment. As some of you know, I wrote a children’s book to help parents teach kids about gay history, which no one bought. Turns out four year olds don’t want to hear a bedtime story about Martina Navratilova. 
Bobby! Will we see you on TV again soon? Love when you’re on MSNBC!
Yes! I’ll be all over promoting my latest book, GAY LINCOLN, so tune in - and don’t worry I won’t just be talking about gay stuff, I’ll be covering a wide variety of topics.
Bobby shouting on various cable news shows.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN WAS GAY!
LEONARDO DiVINCI WAS GAY!
JAMES DEAN WAS GAY!
INSPECTOR GADGET WAS GAY! 
Inspector Gadget was a toxic, cis white gay man. And, quite frankly, yet another example of how for decades Hollywood has glamorized law enforcement!
Bobby, I love you but I was wondering if you had any thoughts about the negative reaction to your docuseries? It’s currently rotten on Rotten Tomatoes.
Can I be honest? I don’t give a shit about Rotten Tomatoes. I’ll have the folks at Rotten Tomatoes know that that Bobbyland will soon be the first podcast to ever be released on vinyl! And I finally got the footage from my Queer Eye audition! Check it out exclusively on the Bobbyland app!
I’m sorry but I’m not sad. This is just not sad. You gave him a haircut and a pair of pants.
Hi Bobby, this is Sarah. Whatever happened with that movie you wrote?
Oh right. The movie.
These big movie producers came to me and said “we want you to write a rom com about a gay couple. But something for everyone, something a straight guy might even like and watch with his girlfriend!” And I said “Something a straight guy might like?” Like what exactly? Am I gonna be in the middle of some high speed chase and then all of a sudden fall in love with Ice Cube? Am I gonna get buttfucked by the Rock while we're both, I don’t know, dealing with a volcano?” And they said “We just want a movie that shows the world straight and gay relationships are the same. Love is love is love.” And I said “Love is love is love? No it’s not! That’s bullshit! And I left.
Why did you do that?
Because I don’t trust them. You can’t trust these people. Honestly it’s for the best. I’m not the right person to write a rom com anyway.
In exciting news, I remain very horny and I’m being honored as the Cis White Gay Man of the Year at the LGBTQ Pride Awards tonight!
Being in the NFL I never thought I could come out. For years I had to suffer as a hot, ripped gay person living my life in private. But this last year has really shown me how amazing life can be when you are finally, publicly hot. 
And now please welcome Emmy and Tony winner Kristin Chenoweth!
Good evening. What an honor for me to be here tonight. On my head tonight is a hat depicting the Stonewall Riots, where thanks to butch lesbians, trans women and especially trans women of color, the Queer Liberation movement began. And now, the award for Cis White Gay Man of the Year. Now, please welcome the winner of this year’s Cis White Gay Man of the Year Award, LGBTQ author, historian, and not just a podcast host but a self proclaimed “pod- cactivist” Bobby Leiber!
Meet Khnumhotep and Niankhkhnum, the Bert and Ernie of Ancient Egypt. Many scholars believe they are the first recorded same-sex couple in history!
They say we don’t have enough proof they were in love and they focus on their doubts. Thus began five thousand years of gay love stories erased from history! No history of gay love affairs to teach us about love and how to love each other. No LGBTQ wing in the Natural History Museum or the Smithsonian. No LGBTQ wing in the Smithsonian but they have Archie Bunker’s couch? Well, this erasure ends today. I’m thrilled to announce we are opening the first National LGBTQ History Museum!
Because these Egyptian men weren’t lovers! No! They were brothers!
Whatcha listening to?
The Weeknd.
These two men weren’t boyfriends! Of course not! They were just BROS!
BROS
Climbing a mountain. What a useful skill in Manhattan.
