Your body is changing.
This change can be scary. But this change is a good thing. It means that you are becoming an adult.
You may have noticed hair starting to grow in new places.
You may have noticed hair starting to grow in new places.
You may have begun to gain some weight or grow taller....This is normal...This is healthy.
Your body...is an amazing thing.
And your body deserves respect. By understanding exactly how your body is changing, you are respecting your body and yourself.
Over the course of these next thirty minutes, we will begin to explore and understand these changing bodies of yours.
Chapter One: The Hair Down There.
TRISTAN, ARE YOU MASTURBATING???
Hey! Quiet! QUI-ET!
Thank you again to the school band for that wonderful performance. Impressive stuff.
...Alright, eighth graders! Next week is your last week here at Miles Grove Middle School.
Okay, okay, yep, very good -- but, BUT...we still have a lot of important work ahead of us. And a lot of FUN work ahead of us. We have the High School Shadow Program early next week...We also have a few guest speakers. Should be fun. And the end of the year dance.
And, AND...we have your sixth grade Time Capsules for you to pick up today. Remember those shoeboxes that you made during the first week of sixth grade? Remember how we said that those Time Capsules were going to be a gift for the future “you” that would eventually “make it” here at Miles Grove Middle School? Well, YOU have MADE IT. So pick those up in the lobby when this assembly is over...Alright, now I’m going to turn things over to Mrs. Roach who will read the results of the eighth grade class superlatives!
Mrs. Roche?
If your name is called, please report to the Band Practice Room after this Assembly to have your picture taken for the yearbook.
But pick up your Time Capsules first!
Yes...okay...Class Superlatives, as voted by you - the students. Each category has a male and female winner from the student body. Okay...Most Athletic... Danny Atchison and Olivia Elder...
Woo! Yeah Oliviaaaa!
Most artistic...Wyatt Conville and Dawn Ringelheim...
Class Clowns...Jed Goodwin and Missy Vitale...
Most Talkative...Pat Druschel and Jackie Stasiak....Most Quiet...
...Andrew Fields and Kayla Day.
Best eyes...
Okay superlative winners, so after you’ve taken your picture please return to your fifth period classes. Okay, we will start with...Mr. and Mrs. Best Eyes! Aiden Wilson-Carter and Kennedy Graves!
Good job.
Aiden...AIDEN!
Good j-....
Hey, Aiden.
