Wow. You’ve really gone the extra mile by lugging that in here.
Yes, sir. That’s my style.
Admirable. Your resume is startlingly impressive as well. Most people just fill out the application. You were actually the manager of the Rusty Scupper restaurant for 5 years.
Yes.
Then, you worked as a teller for Bank Of America for 2 years, from ‘04 to ‘06, with a 6 month overlap with the restaurant.
Mmmhmm.
Oh! And it says here... you were employee of the month.
What’s that trophy in the bag there?
Oakland High Moot Court Champion. I’m a salesman at heart.
Intriguing... Mainly because I was bank manager at that particular B of A from 2003 to 2005. And you, Mr. Green, never worked there. I also called the number you gave for The Rusty Scupper. Was that your friend Salvador’s number?
The same Salvador that also applied here?
I didn’t know he applied here too.
It would of been smart if his outgoing message didn’t say “I’m Sal, bitches.” So that plaque and the trophy? Did you steal them?
I made them. Well, had them made. I just- I just really need a job.
Alright, Cassius Green. Listen. This is telemarketing. We ain’t fuckin’ mappin’ the human genome or finding fucking alternative fuel sources. I don’t care whether you have work experience. I’ll hire damn near anybody. That bootleg plaque proves two things I need to know- you have initiative and you can read. You will call as many contacts as you can during your shift, and you will read the script that we give you. And you will show up to work tomorrow. Happy.
Thank you, Mr. Anderson.
Cassius, one more thing. Stuss.
Stuss?
Stuss. S.T.T.S., Stick to the script.
Hey, Detroit. You ever think about dying?
Yeah, sometimes.
I’m not talking about dying right now, like in an accident or something. I mean like when we’re old. Like 90. I think about it all the time. What will I have done that’s important, that matters?
I just want to make sure that when I die I’ll be surrounded by people who love me and who I love back.
What about when those people die?
What do you mean?
At some point we’re gonna die, our kids and grand kids are gonna die.
At some point, no one will even know you existed. All life will end on this planet and in billions of years the sun will explode. Nothing I’m doing will have mattered.
Baby, it’ll always matter. Because it matters now. This moment, all of these moments. When I kiss you, it’s not for posterity’s sake.
I mean, you found your calling though. Your art means something. But I’m just surviving. Spinning my-
Ay. Stop. You missed your cue. I said... When I kiss you, it’s not for posterity’s sake.
